Then let this king tell you
What will happen when you die?
First of all, my men stationed in the suburbs of Beijing
Will control the entire capital
Then there will be a decree announced to the world
This king is the most suitable royal heir
Then I will become the new emperor
Hahahaha
What I can't get from you
Shuo, I can give it to me, you just plan
You just rebel
You're a dying man now.
What right do you have to accuse me, the future emperor?
Emperor, hahahaha.
Oh.
Refund Concubine Yuan Guifei in your cold palace
The king will let him give birth to the child
If he disobeys the king
The king will kill his children in front of him
If he is obedient and supports this king well
The king can consider
Without killing his children in front of him
Hahahaha
Don't look like that
The king will definitely do what he says
I still understand the principle of cutting weeds and eradicating roots
No, I treat you well on weekdays
Why are you treating me well?
Everything is yours since childhood
You won't give it to me until you don't want it.
I don't like riding horses
You and your father forced me to ride a horse
You never cared what I wanted.